Feature #3059 pair_stat_ioda (#3114)
dtcenter/MET: docs/Users_Guide/appendixF.rst

The MET Stat-Analysis tool also supports Python embedding. By using the command line option **-lookin python**, Stat-Analysis can read matched pair (MPR) data formatted in the MET MPR line-type format via Python.

> The MET Pair-Stat tool also support Python embedding of matched pair (MPR) data using the **-format python** command line option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MET Pair-Stat tool also supports Python embedding of matched pair (MPR) data using the **-format python** command line option. Similar to the Stat-Analysis tool, this functionality expects data formatted in the MET MPR format within Python prior to passing to Pair-Stat.
```

Author: Will push this change shortly.
